Rails Bootstrap
=========

This application may be used as a base for any number of projects.
==

An example application built using the help of Daniel Kehoe's bootrap
with Rails guide, in order to further my understanding of Rails app
architecture, and learn how to integrate bootstrap to get good-looking
apps up and running fast.

This application was built using a scaffold generated by rails-composer.
It's output is shown below:

Diagnostics
-

This application was built with recipes that are known to work together.

This application was built with preferences that are NOT known to work
together.

If the application doesn’t work as expected, please [report an issue](https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer/issues)
and include these diagnostics:

We’d also like to know if you’ve found combinations of recipes or
preferences that do work together.

Recipes:

* apps4
* controllers
* core
* email
* extras
* frontend
* gems
* git
* init
* models
* prelaunch
* railsapps
* readme
* routes
* saas
* setup
* testing
* views

Preferences:

* git: true
* apps4: rails-bootstrap
* database: default
* unit_test: false
* integration: false
* fixtures: false
* frontend: bootstrap3
* email: none
* authentication: false
* devise_modules: false
* authorization: false
* starter_app: false
* form_builder: false
* quiet_assets: true
* local_env_file: false
* better_errors: true
* dev_webserver: thin
* prod_webserver: unicorn
* templates: haml
* continuous_testing: none
* rvmrc: false

Ruby on Rails
---

This application requires:

-   Ruby
-   Rails

Learn more about [Installing Rails](http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html).

Database
---

This application uses SQLite with ActiveRecord.

Development
-

-   Template Engine: Haml
-   Testing Framework: Test::Unit
-   Front-end Framework: Bootstrap 3.0 (Sass)
-   Form Builder: None
-   Authentication: None
-   Authorization: None
-   Admin: None

Documentation and Support
-

This is the only documentation.

#### Issues

- none yet (known)

Credits
--

Thanks to Daniel Kehoe for the templates and the book.

License
--

Do whatever you like with this code.
